---
title: "2024 Sponsors of the AlmaLinux OS Foundation (so far)"
type: blog
author:
  name: "benny Vasquez"
  bio: "Chair, AlmaLinux OS Foundation"
  image: /users/benny.jpeg
date: 2024-06-19
images:
  - /blog-images/2024/2024-06-20-sponsors.png
post:
  title: "2024 Sponsors of the AlmaLinux OS Foundation (so far)"
  image: /blog-images/2024/2024-06-20-sponsors.png
---

We're lucky to have a whole host of sponsors behind the AlmaLinux OS Foundation, and that list continues to grow. We recently issued yet another press release announcing yet another round of sponsors, but I haven't been good about thanking those same sponsors here on our blog. Here's a little bit about each of the sponsors we just announced, and then a little about the rest of the amazing companies that are giving back to open source by sponsoring us this year. 

## New Silver Sponsors of the AlmaLinux OS Foundation

Yesterday, we also announced three sponsors: [ProComputers](https://www.procomputers.com/), [Virtuozzo](https://www.virtuozzo.com/) and [Mattermost](https://mattermost.com/). Procomputers and Mattermost are returning sponsors this year, and Virtuozzo is a brand new sponsor for the foundation. Here is more information about all three!

### ProComputers

ProComputers provides open-source software bundled into ready-to-launch solutions for use on public clouds. The company aims to create one of the largest available virtual image libraries, encompassing all varieties of applications and tools. Based in Romania, ProComputers has more than 10 years of experience in the sector.

### Virtuozzo

Virtuozzo provides a complete cloud platform, based on OpenStack, that enables Infrastructure and Platform-as-a-Service for CSPs, MSPs, ISVs, and enterprise IT and DevOps teams. Virtuozzo has been innovating in virtualization and cloud for more than 24 years, and is a contributor to numerous open-source projects including OpenVZ, Docker, Kubernetes, CRIU™, KVM, libvirt, QEMU, CNCF and OCI, as well as OpenStack. Virtuozzo is based in Switzerland and powers cloud for 700+ service providers and hundreds of thousands of businesses worldwide.

### Mattermost

Mattermost provides a collaboration hub for mission-critical work that meets nation-state-level security and privacy requirements. Serving enterprise, public sector, national defense, and financial services industries, Mattermost was founded in 2016 and is headquartered in Palo Alto, California.

## Our other 2024 AlmaLinux OS Foundation Sponsors

These amazing companies back us in a variety of ways, from hardware to funding, and we continue to be so incredibly grateful. While [CERN](https://home.cern/) and [MEGWARE](https://megware.com/) both joined us all as Silver Sponsor Members this year, [Hawk Host](https://www.hawkhost.com/) and [OpenLogic](https://www.openlogic.com/) have both been Silver Sponsor members for two years, and [BlackHOST](https://black.host/) has been a Silver Sponsor member for three years!

### BlackHOST

BlackHOST specializes in providing unmetered networking solutions ranging from 1 Gbps up to 100 Gbps utilizing data centers and network points of presence around the world. With customers ranging from web startups to global enterprises, the Switzerland-based company offers IT services for web hosting, unmetered VPS hosting, dedicated servers, and backup storage solutions.

### Hawk Host

Hawk Host offers high-quality cloud web hosting, reseller hosting, semi-dedicated hosting, and cloud computers at an affordable price and with 24/7/365 support. The company was founded in 2004 and has since expanded its hosting network to seven international locations, including Dallas, Los Angeles, New York, Amsterdam, Singapore, Hong Kong, and Toronto.

### OpenLogic

OpenLogic by Perforce offers end-to-end enterprise support and services for organizations using open source software in their infrastructure. With support for over 400 open source packages, guaranteed SLAs, and direct access to highly-experienced Enterprise Architects, OpenLogic customers receive open source support solutions through 24x7 ticket-based support, professional services and training.

### MEGWARE

MEGWARE joins the foundation as a sponsor for the first time in 2024. In its long company history, MEGWARE Computer Vertrieb und Service GmbH has established itself as one of Europe's leading supercomputing specialists. Since its foundation in 1990, the Germany-based company has been able to draw on extensive experience in the development and installation of High Performance Computing (HPC) systems and Linux clusters. MEGWARE develops, designs, manufactures and markets new-generation supercomputers, several of which have been included in the TOP500 list of the world's most powerful HPC systems.

### CERN

CERN is the European Organization for Nuclear Research, one of the world's largest and most respected centers for scientific study. Founded in 1954, the CERN laboratory sits astride the Franco-Swiss border near Geneva. It was one of Europe's first joint ventures and now has 23 member states.

## What's Next?

We'll have more sponsorship announcements coming throughout the year with both new and returning sponsors. Those sponsorships will help us continue to meet the goals and needs of our community, and expand the number of ways and places we get to meet our users. If you've been on the fence about joining us as a sponsor, feel free to [reach out to me](mailto:benny@almalinux.org)! I'd love to help you decide if sponsorship is the right move.
